Clarify README instructions (#5)
wagtail/gitpod-wagtail-develop: README.md

1. Click the ``Open in Gitpod`` button.
2. Relax: a development environment with [Wagtail](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail) and [Bakery Demo](https://github.com/wagtail/bakerydemo) will be created for you.

> 3. To get to the admin login screen, open the wagtail bakery live, click on the url and add `/admin/` at the end. You can login with `Username : admin` and `Password : changeme`.
> 
> By default, the wagtail bakery demo is opened live once all the assests and dependencies has finished complilng.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To get to the admin login screen, click on the URL and add `/admin/` at the end. You can login with username: `admin` and password: `changeme`.

By default, the Wagtail bakery demo is opened live once all the assets and dependencies has finished compiling.
```

Edited a bit – "URL" should always be capitals since it’s an acronym, and Wagtail always with a capital W. The formatting around username and password matters so the words are easier to copy-paste and should be kept as-is. And there were a few typos.

Open the link and follow the instructions.

### Run storybook

If you want to run storybook on gitpod, you either open a new Terminal or you break the current instance of wagtail bakery running by pressing `CTRL` and `C` keys. After that,
	
	cd wagtail
	npm run storybook

Wait for some seconds and viola, the storybook will be opened for you.

### Experience Wagtail Cms through Wagtail bakery

The Wagtail Cms can be accessed through the wagtail bakery on gitpod. This is to introduce you to developing in wagtail and also allows you to explore the admin/ editorial interface on Wagtail.

To access it, after the Wagtail bakery is live, expand it by clicking on the square box with a diagonal arrow icon or you click on `open browser` in the notification that comes up. It then opens a new tab that display the wagtail bakery. To get to the admin page, click on the url of the newly opened tab then add `/admin/` and enter.	

> You can login with `Username : admin` and `Password : changeme`. After you enter that,  you get full access to add pages, create blog posts, etc and enjoy all Wagtail has to offer.

Reviewer: Rather than have this at the very end of the README, I’d prefer you update the existing "Login at `/admin/` with username `admin` and password `changeme`" to cover what you say here much more concisely.
